[NP] add plugin integrations testing strategies (#56278)
elastic/kibana: src/core/TESTING.md

_How to test ES clients_

## Plugin integrations

In the new platform, all plugin's dependencies to other plugins are explicitly declared in their `kibana.json`
manifest. As for `core`, the dependencies `setup` and `start` contracts are injected in your plugin's respective 

> `setup` and `start` phases. One of the upside regarding testing is that every usage of the dependencies is explicit,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`setup` and `start` phases. One of the upsides with testing is that every usage of the dependencies is explicit,
```

and that the plugin's contracts must be propagated to the parts of the code using them, meaning that isolating a 
specific logical component for unit testing is way easier than in legacy.

The approach to test parts of a plugin's code that is relying on other plugins is quite similar to testing
code using `core` APIs: it's expected to mock the dependency, and make it return the value the test is expecting.

Most plugins are defining mocks for their contracts. The convention is to expose them in a `mocks` file at 

> the `public/server` level. For example for the `data` plugin, the client-side mocks are located in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in `my_plugin/server` and/or `my_plugin/public`. For example for the `data` plugin, the client-side mocks are located in 
```
